[Music]
well I'm here right now on the golden
Guardians moving day to talk to Matt
formerly of Team Liquid now of golden
Guardians all right so what what
happened during offseason how'd you end
up here what are your thoughts give me
the whole story all right I'll get right
into it so I was planning on playing
with liquid for the majority of the
offseason I think there was a lot of a
lot of you know late roster shake-up so
you know team look was able to get a
better team including support so I just
sorta had to find another team I think
the offer that I got from golden
Guardians was you know really good you
know I love to all the people that were
already him in talks to join the roster
and I think after hearing the sort of
pep talk I got from Kirk Lake of it was
just amazing you know I think the vision
that golden Guardians have really fits
with my sort of player vision that I can
see for myself like where I see my
career going and just based off that I
feel like I can really fit in I'm really
and this can be my home talk to me about
this conversation with Kirk for those
that don't know he's a son of the owner
of : State Warriors and so you had a
conversation with him yeah so I was just
well he's actually really like friendly
really open you know honestly I didn't
know him too well before I started you
know with the talks with golden
Guardians and you know he just gave me
his cell phone number gave me as like a
Skype you know he emailed me I was just
trying to reach out to me he was just
very open about how he's looking for
these like young or just really I'd say
like well-adjusted you know for a lack
of better term players and you know he
seemed like a really good guy to sort of
talk about these things with you know
like I don't think I'd ever have this
kind of conversation I had with Kirk
with any other sort of owners in the
league right now so like who he has I
think I already explained enough like
he's just the GM for Golden State
Warriors
I honestly only started looking up like
info on him after the fact that I
started talking with him but you know he
looks like a really solid GM and he
looks like a really solid first to be
working with so I'm really happy to be
here very cool so what is it like for
you to have this lineup there's at least
one familiar face to you joining the
roster but what do you think of this
lineup and what it can do because I will
say like as it got announced especially
following like the big like Team Liquid
TSM like all those roster announcements
I think you know even just some of the
speculation from some of the early
articles people are a little nervous
about the lineup especially because
there's no import so what would you sort
of say to those those doubters well I
think as you know the sort of vision
that we have you know our philosophy and
we you know it's a big focus that we
took only na players and you know for me
I think a lot of like the problems I had
you know individually for the past blitz
has been you know any sort of personal
like mental health issues is like you
know directly relating to my place so I
think fixing those is gonna be like the
key to sort of rebound rebounding in my
career and so individually I've been
making a lot of changes you know them
don't want to change with my diet like
exercise I think having the right
mindset heading into the day like every
day I'm just trying to just get better
so I think with that individual mindset
I can really sort of started to improve
my career start to get better start to
be the sport that I really wanted to be
ever since you know I started playing
like my rookie and I feel like my story
is similar to what we have as a vision
as a team like we're trying to build up
strong in aids and mystic players and
build a strong roster off that not
import strong players not pay a lot of
money for the people who are already you
know good I want to build a legacy with
golden Guardians just like I'm trying to
build a legacy for myself I'm just
trying to get just get better every day
now it wasn't too long ago that I
considered you to be a rookie a new
player in the LCS and now contracts
walking by being super let no I'm just
kidding
it's so was it too long ago that you
were rookie and the NA LCS
now you'll be laning with a immediate
rookie
and definitely who came from scouting
grounds a year ago and that has been a
challenger scene recently so what do you
what are your expectations there you
gonna be trying to like mentor him is it
more like you guys growing together what
you know what's your take on going into
lane with deathly for next year well I
think I'm not a stranger to playing with
rookies I've played with a few including
some veterans so you know being sort of
you know I do want to have the sort of
presence or like the you know veterans
he's showing so I will be trying to you
know take ownership of the land like
trying with guidance from local dokgo to
you know just bring out the best in me
and enough Lee so I won't be like scared
at all how will do I think will
definitely hold their own on on stage
and will be really excited to show what
we get are you concerned about the fact
that both of your names are Matt
honestly I don't think we've even sorted
out like what we're gonna call each
other I think I'm gonna have to take
that since my summoner name is Matt so
that would be confusing if I was called
anything else but for definitely it's
either deathly or Matthew or you know
we're gonna find out something well if
his Matt only has one T in it I mean
that would be good if we were type into
each other but work for you okay so you
it'll be interesting I think this is the
first time University in a bot Lane
where both the players are the same name
finally since it is the golden Guardians
move-in day and that's what we're here
for
what do you think of the place I mean I
know that it's still kind of getting
filled in and stops getting set up but
you know what's the experience for you
of being here in the house seeing the
rest of your teammates here knowing that
this is you know at least the next year
of your life yeah I mean just the house
itself I think this place is amazing I
think this is the best place I've ever
stayed out as a player and in terms of
my team I'm really excited to work with
all I'm like we've already just been you
know chill now divided and again I think
we're really everybody I don't think
anybody is not excited for next team
anything to say to the fans
um I think for any of my personal fans I
think you know it's amazing that there's
even people follow me after all these
years I think I've been here for a while
now and haven't really been able to show
any results I'm able to show anything so
I'm very grateful for anyone who's
actually
following me individually especially
from people coming from teamliquid
and I think this is gonna be a really
solid restart from my career I think
branding wise I think of not been held
too highly by the community and I think
I can really make a restart very good
well thank you so much for the interview
looking forward to seeing what next next
year looks like for you and Matt and the
bottom line for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel you might not know this but
doublelift actually still charges me for
every interview that i do with them
$5,000 when I was working at a major
media company this wasn't an issue but
it is now so if you want to help me out
with this you can run up for - Travis
gaffer dot-com slash support